Haicheng Chamber of Commerce is a high-end nest
Smuggled seafood
Get over here and explain
Where is poisonous seafood?
This is obviously a simple pass.
Complete quality products
Boy, are you calling to report?
Don't you think it's really useful to report?
It seems that you have done a lot of self-dealing before
The crime of covering up the truth
We
What the experts of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce said is the truth
As for what you said
It's just a rumor
How is it? There is no way
My dad is rich and powerful and can do whatever he wants
A small director of the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Since you dare to do something
You probably don't know how hard our backstage is.
Then I'd like to hear it
What do you disagree with?
It's okay to tell you
My backstage is Jiang Yonghui
President Jiang Yonghui Jiang, Vice President of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Excuse me.
My name is Liang Youwei.
It's Zhang Shengshi
President Liang
How could I be called by you?
We'll know if he can come soon.
When will it be resolved? You're done surrendering
Can you fight?
Can have a fart
Passing through the interior
The gun is fast and blocked within seven steps
Possession of firearms
Must be really big
Dare to catch
If you kneel down and beg for mercy now
Maybe live a little longer. Stop it